chore: trouble shooting guide (#279)
reown-com/reown-docs: docs/appkit/recipes/sponsoring-first-transaction.mdx

For more information on sponsoring calls, read more in [our docs](../features/sponsored-transactions.mdx).

## Troubleshooting

If you're running into issues getting a transaction to be successfully
sponsored, it's best to isolate issues. So to get started, first: 

### Setup Environment

> 1. Use AppKit's Embedded Smart Wallet: Login using social login (Eg gmail) or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use AppKit's Embedded Smart Wallet: Login using social login (Ex. Gmail) or
```

your email

> 2. Ensure the code performing send calls is as simple as possible, eg: hardcode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure the code performs send calls as simply as possible., eg: hardcode
```

the `capabilities` object and remove any extra conditional logic.

3. Keep the network tab on your browser console open

### Ensure a call to the paymaster is being made

Since the embedded wallet lives on your browser, you can observe the network
calls it makes.

If after performing the `sendCalls` and approving it in the AppKit Embedded

> Wallet, there is no call to the paymaster URL provided that most likely means

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallet, there is no call to the paymaster URL provided. It likely means
```

that the `capabilities` were not filled in properly.

Ensure the capabilities object you're sending looks like this:

```ts
paymasterService: {
  url: 'https://paymaster-api.reown.com/<CHAIN_ID>/rpc?projectId=<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>',
}
```

> ### Paymaster is called but returns an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Paymaster was called but returned an error
```

> #### No calls to specified contract made

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### No calls were made to the specified contract.
```

1. Ensure that the chain ID provided in the paymaster URL matches the network
you are on

2. Ensure you are targeting the contract and method specified in your policy

### Not sure if everything's set up correctly?

> 1. Ensure a call to the Paymaster is being made via the network tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Confirm a call to the Paymaster is being made via the network tab
```

2. Ensure the response from the call is not `0x` or an `error`. 

> 3. Ensure the call to the `bundler` (also viewed in the network tab) that is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Verify the call to the `bundler` (also viewed in the network tab) that is
```

> performing `sendUserOperation` has filled in `paymasterData` field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
performing `sendUserOperation` has filled the `paymasterData` field
```

4. Grab the user op hash (result from `sendUserOperation`) and paste it into a
block explorer that supports searching by User Op Hashes like BlockScout 

> 5. Ensure that That the paymaster sponsor field is filled in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Ensure the paymaster sponsor field is filled
```
